and the White House says it's deeply
disturbed by news that an American
Turkish woman has been shot dead
apparently by Israeli troops in the West
Bank she was taking part in a protest
against Jewish settlements ior ezgi AI
who was 26 was shot in the head Israel
says his troops opened fire on an
instigator of violent activity Well the
West Bank has been occupied by Israel
for decades and is home to around 3
million Palestinians who want the
territory to be be part of a future
independent state but half a million
Jewish settlers have moved there and
seized land which is illegal under
international law the shooting came as
Israeli forces withdrew from parts of
the West Bank after a major n-day
military operation targeting armed
Palestinian militias Israel said it was
aimed at stopping what it calls Terror
attacks by Iran backed groups Lucy
Williamson reports now from the West
Bank
they broke Janine's roads far harder to
break its
resilience after 9 days of military
incursion residents reclaimed their
streets before they'd even been
rebuilt for over a week Janine hunkered
down to the sounds of
War its refugee camp the heart of
Israel's sweep across the Northern West
Bank to battle armed pal Palestinian
groups residents emerged today to find
lives and Landscapes altered 10 days ago
this was khaled's home where do you even
begin his flat blown apart when the Army
exploded a cave under the mosque next
door a weapon store the Army said an
empty cave for Wastewater
saided it feels like we are starting our
lives all over again this house was all
we had we didn't expect the whole house
to be destroyed we hoped to at least
find one room to live in but now we
don't know where to go Israel said its
Target in this operation was the armed
Palestinian groups based here but its
methods are what a raising alarm not
just the civilians killed and injured
but the levels of Destruction that are
wrecking lives we met Mustafa in his
daughter's flat upstairs still battling
his own feelings as he soothed
hers and his
granddaughters they fled the camp days
before under heavy fire he said and that
two of those who fled with them were
shot and
injured there were people carrying White
Flags but they were far away from us I
don't know if it was intentional or by
mistake it was impossible to tell where
it was coming from explosions drones
shooting we asked the Israeli Army
tonight about this account and are
waiting for their
response of the 21 people killed in this
operation around a third were civilians
but it's the men known here as Martyrs
who are pasted up on the walls Fresh
Faces amid old bullet
holes the dead were released back to the
streets today too bodies carried from
hospital morgs to burial in the cemetery
next to the
camp among them Muhammad zubedi an armed
fighter two cousins and a grandmother
killed before him his father once the
local leader of alaxa Mar's brigades now
in an Israeli
prison a family of wanted men eliminated
one by
[Music]
one operations here
end the conflict never
has people are afraid Israel's Army will
arrest
them or destroy their homes one young
fighter told me today but so what when
you see them kill your brother how do
you live with yourself sitting and
watching it all Lucy Williamson BBC News
Janine